Readme.md, before:

Information
===========

This repository is for my templates for use in jQuery Mobile, and for my notes.

I do not intend to use copyright materials without permission should any be located in my research.
 This is simply a learning repository.

 Anything I personally make and upload in a public repo is likely free to use unless stated otherwise.

Copy-and-Paste Snippet for CDN-hosted files (recommended):


    <link rel="stylesheet" href="http://code.jquery.com/mobile/1.1.0/jquery.mobile-1.1.0.min.css" />
    <script src="http://code.jquery.com/jquery-1.6.4.min.js"></script>
    <script src="http://code.jquery.com/mobile/1.1.0/jquery.mobile-1.1.0.min.js"></script>


Plugins
============
-http://jquerymobile.com/resources/#Plugins

-

-

Components
=========
-http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap/components.html

-

-




Scripts
===========
-http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap/javascript.html

-

-


Themes
============
-http://sgrebnov.github.com/jqmobile-metro-theme/samples/jqm-public-demo/index.html
^Windows phone 7.5

-http://taitems.github.com/iOS-Inspired-jQuery-Mobile-Theme/
^iOS


Tools
===================
-http://graffletopia.com/stencils/792
^Omni Graffle jQuery Mobile Templates

-http://visualsignals.typepad.co.uk/vislog/2011/08/visio-shapes-for-jquery-mobile.html
^Visio jQuery Mobile Templates

-http://www.plugolabs.com/twitter-bootstrap-button-generator/
^bootstrap button generator



Information Links
========================
Useful links

-http://jquerymobile.com/test/

-http://jquerymobile.com/themeroller/index.php

-http://andymatthews.net/code/jquery-mobile-icon-pack/

-http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap/

-http://www.andymatthews.net/read/2012/02/13/New-jQuery-Mobile-theme:-Twitter-Bootstrap

-http://phonegap.com/
^Author Native applications with web languages^

-http://zsprawl.com/iOS/zapps/jqm-reference/

-http://www.mobilexweb.com/

-http://www.catswhocode.com/blog/how-to-create-offline-html5-web-apps-in-5-easy-steps



Example Links
====================
http://www.mrova.com/mobileTemplate/index.html

http://www.tripwiremagazine.com/2012/07/mobile-website-templates.html

http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap/examples.html

http://jquerymobile.com/demos/1.0a4.1/
^Demo of all sorts of jQuery Mobile components/methods/etc


Interesting Projects Related to Mobile Web Dev
==================================
http://the-m-project.org/
MVC cross platform, HTML5, CSS3 ---Open source

Commit message:

Blurb about browser support of offline apps

Readme.md, after:

Information
===========

This repository is for my templates for use in jQuery Mobile, and for my notes.

I do not intend to use copyright materials without permission should any be located in my research.
 This is simply a learning repository.

 Anything I personally make and upload in a public repo is likely free to use unless stated otherwise.

Copy-and-Paste Snippet for CDN-hosted files (recommended):


    <link rel="stylesheet" href="http://code.jquery.com/mobile/1.1.0/jquery.mobile-1.1.0.min.css" />
    <script src="http://code.jquery.com/jquery-1.6.4.min.js"></script>
    <script src="http://code.jquery.com/mobile/1.1.0/jquery.mobile-1.1.0.min.js"></script>

Browsers that support for offline web apps
-IE : NO
-Firefox 3.5+ : YES
-Safari 4.0+ : YES
-Chrome 5.0+ : YES
-Opera 10.6+ : YES
-iPhone 2.1+ : YES
-Android 2.0+ : YES


Plugins
============
-http://jquerymobile.com/resources/#Plugins

-

-

Components
=========
-http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap/components.html

-

-




Scripts
===========
-http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap/javascript.html

-

-


Themes
============
-http://sgrebnov.github.com/jqmobile-metro-theme/samples/jqm-public-demo/index.html
^Windows phone 7.5

-http://taitems.github.com/iOS-Inspired-jQuery-Mobile-Theme/
^iOS


Tools
===================
-http://graffletopia.com/stencils/792
^Omni Graffle jQuery Mobile Templates

-http://visualsignals.typepad.co.uk/vislog/2011/08/visio-shapes-for-jquery-mobile.html
^Visio jQuery Mobile Templates

-http://www.plugolabs.com/twitter-bootstrap-button-generator/
^bootstrap button generator



Information Links
========================
Useful links

-http://jquerymobile.com/test/

-http://jquerymobile.com/themeroller/index.php

-http://andymatthews.net/code/jquery-mobile-icon-pack/

-http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap/

-http://www.andymatthews.net/read/2012/02/13/New-jQuery-Mobile-theme:-Twitter-Bootstrap

-http://phonegap.com/
^Author Native applications with web languages^

-http://zsprawl.com/iOS/zapps/jqm-reference/

-http://www.mobilexweb.com/

-http://www.catswhocode.com/blog/how-to-create-offline-html5-web-apps-in-5-easy-steps



Example Links
====================
http://www.mrova.com/mobileTemplate/index.html

http://www.tripwiremagazine.com/2012/07/mobile-website-templates.html

http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap/examples.html

http://jquerymobile.com/demos/1.0a4.1/
^Demo of all sorts of jQuery Mobile components/methods/etc


Interesting Projects Related to Mobile Web Dev
==================================
http://the-m-project.org/
MVC cross platform, HTML5, CSS3 ---Open source
